Cannon Rush

Scouting Evidence

There is a forge in his base or nothing but maybe a pylon.

General

If I’m playing a protoss opponent, I keep scouting around my base until I have stationary vision of it because of the ease of cannon rushing. Keep scouting until you know for certain that your opponent isn’t cheesing you.

Also, it’s really, really important to kill that probe so he can’t keep warping in pylons and cannons. BUT, don’t waste your time chasing his probe, unless he has placed it in a position where you can get a good surround. If you can’t kill it, focus on stopping his advance into your base. If you catch it early, pull 4 workers and attack the pylon/cannon. If the pylon is already out, focus on the cannons warping in. He will cancel them, and just repeat it so they can’t get up.

Definitely don’t overreact and pull all of your probes off the line.

If you’ve stopped his advance, but he has a solid contain on you, there is a good chance that he will tech to dark templar or void rays, so be ready for that eventuality.

As Terran

Get some bunkers down near your mineral line and in the forward path of his cannons. Use marines to kill forward pylons and cannons so long as they are not in range of his cannons. Get a marauder out and into a bunker, which will make it equal the range of cannons. Since you can repair your bunker, you will be able to stop his advance into your base. Try to get a reaper into his base to destroy his economy, and get siege tanks to clean up your base.

As Zerg

Use lings to kill the probe, and if the cannon is not up yet, try to kill that or the pylon along with the help of your queen. If you can’t safely do that, 1 spinecrawler will beat 1 cannon and your spinecrawler can be transfused by your queen. Get two if you have to. Also, laying a creep tumor to stop his ability to lay down more cannons is helpful so long as you don’t lay it too near existing cannons. Sending your lings to his base early is also a good idea.

As Protoss

If your probes can’t shut it down, you’re gonna have to counter his cannons with your own cannons and also chrono out zealots and eventually get an immortal to break out. If you can, send an early zealot to his base to crush his economy.